CLIP: audio_4

TRANSCRIPT:
the rock and so she as soon as she can she escapes with the rock. Dr Indy, is there such thing as insanity among penguins? I try to avoid the definition of insanity or derangement. I don't mean that a penguin might believe he or she is lending Napoleon Bonaparte. But could they just go crazy because they've had enough of their colony? Well, I've never seen a penguin bashing its head against the rock. They do get disoriented. They end up in places they shouldn't be, long way from the ocean. These penguins are all heading to the open water to the right. But one of them caught our eye, the one in the center. He would neither go towards the feeding grounds at the edge of the ice nor return to the colony. Shortly afterwards, we saw him heading straight towards the mountains, some 70 kilometres away. Dr Aine Lee explained that even if he caught him and brought him back to the colony, he would immediately head right back for the mountains. But why? The One of these disoriented or deranged penguins showed up at the New Harbour Diving Camp already some 80 kilometres away from where it should be. The rules for the humans are, do not disturb or hold up the penguin, stand still and let him go on his way. And here he is heading off into the interior of the vast continent. With 5,000 kilometres ahead of him, he is heading towards certain death.

SET X:
Caption 1: Ever wonder what drives a penguin to stray far from its colony? One lone soul caught our attention, determined to venture into the unknown, even if it means risking everything. Sometimes the question isn’t just where they’re headed, but why they choose to leave everything behind.
Caption 2: When a penguin decides the mountains are better than home, you know something deep is going on.

SET Y:
Caption 1: Caption 1:
Caption 2: Sometimes, even the bravest wander off the path. Watching this disoriented penguin head towards the mountains feels like a metaphor for our own journeys—lost but determined, even when the destination seems bleak.
