CLIP: audio_31

TRANSCRIPT:
Today should have been all about Dacia and her first collab, but it turned into one of the hardest days for me since being here. So, Super, open their doors an hour before the meeting greet and you guys set some records. They were blown away by how many of you showed up. Some of you guys were lining up at 5am in the morning and by the time we got there, the line was wrapping around the entire upper level. So basically, we were allowed to use that space from 10.30 to 130, but the line got so long they literally had to cut it because they didn't think we were going to have time to see everyone. Teacher and I also weren't allowed to take photos with anyone because they were worried it was going to make the line go slower, but today's about Dacia anyway. So basically, everyone would line up, you could take photos on your phone, and then we also had a little camera set up there and people were getting photos on the spot. That camera girl, it was working overtime, it was overheating, I thought it was going to break down, but it ran really smoothly just like the entire meeting greet. It actually felt like a huge weight had been lifted from my shoulders as soon as we were done. Well, for a second. So this whole trip, I've just been thinking and worrying about Dacia and how she's going to be going with the collab. I literally lost it when Tisha said by me because she's going to Dubai today. That's when I realized I haven't had anyone on one time with Tisha since being here and I'm not going to see her for another three months, I feel like the worst.

SET X:
Caption 1: Caption 1:
Caption 2: Today was supposed to shine a spotlight on Dacia's first collab, but it turned into a whirlwind of emotions. Watching fans line up at dawn was incredible, yet the weight of goodbyes crept in. It’s funny how a joyful moment can also bring a touch of sadness.

SET Y:
Caption 1: Caption 1:
Caption 2: Today was supposed to be a celebration for Dacia, but instead, it turned into a whirlwind of emotions. Watching everyone come together was uplifting, yet I couldn’t shake the worry about Tisha leaving. It’s funny how quickly joy can turn into a weight on your heart.
